[READY FOR PROD] chore(sre-pruning): cleanup cronjob (#569)
openshift/managed-cluster-config: deploy/sre-pruning/README.md

# Pruning Resources on cluster

This folder is required to cleaning up stuff from the cluster that are left over for some reason

# How to build
## test manually
firstly, run the commands manually on the cluster to see what commands need to be run automatically

### extract RBAC rules required

> after the script is done look at all of the command and try to extract the rules you need,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
after the script is done look at all of the commands and try to extract the rules you need,
```

For example the command:
```
oc delete job
```

> requires you the `delete` verb to the `jobs` resource

Reviewer: i think something is off here in regards to the grammar

Author: maybe?
```suggestion
this means you need to add the verb  `delete` to the resource named `jobs`
```

Author: @RiRa12621 does that look good?

Reviewer: yes, nice
